[Music]
all
so today we will see what we
can remind the tchiki boom a rhythm
tiki bout we'll see why a little
flat on the right hand
please if he wants then if it's okay
to be the fingers which is the one who
got the thumb up a boom on
a way of centering at the level of
the size of qom center
like that it's not to see how that is
not good here it's perfect of voussoirs
well block the ropes there be a
new resonance
that's who we must not forget the
movement who would tell me and art modell
finger jean wolf is who who stuffs it's
very important and kiki balm and kiki
boom and who you gentleman feeds and
they mark a few things
that's because you have to listen to this rhythm
he worked of course as always
there tomorrow but regularly in a way
slow to say like that it's enough especially
regular like the fate of a very good
here stop the train he can integrate
little by little movement a lot of
wrist but a little bit of their soul
Barça it's pretty difficult explained it
have to find the right balance so that
you made us sire that wrist
it's okay
[Music]
it's not energy, you have to
right middle and that's where it's the most
hard tried to force to repeat it at
brain of the EU at the beginnings of formations
there and listen to music
after a month the balanced it will be
do a little bit alone it's worth
really the hurry to hurry and
work next day and tiki you're here
so what must also be added
why not sincerely this stage said
kim
so that's the standard and then
Catalan rumba we will type once in
up once my tchiki boom tchiki boom
tiki tiki boom it seems a little
folk but when there are two three
guitars that exerts its movement to
flap it gives a relief it came a
beauty
at this rate it's the movement all to
time has against once there a
times to work after first the
Work is set against the foot and
after
no
this is the duty exercise that goes
of course we will come back to other
rhythms after for now we start
by that one because it's the kingdom
simple and detailed rim who Paschal
are pretty hard to explain
this one is easier so you have to
still much worked this rhythm
there even the work and 100 said to his his
advice that I give and that I
always done ie in the street
or at work
we do not have a guitar but we can
work like that yes on the chest
like that
the rhythm to get into the blood
or so on the king like that it's me
happened tonight to work at whoever
can work rolling for
work we can work the guitar
without a guitar or by a policy is
politics we think about it and by month we
do not forget it
your faithful fidelity to esma it is
to say they often spent not
forget it
this is the exercise even if you do not have
guitar and green present talent here is
we have small icons 5 yen this
fidelity gives it an absolute reward
and that I'm sure it's not marked
in the books of his subject but I the
know so much listened to
music worked slowly and that's
perfect see you soon for a next class
on I do not know yet but I
prepares something as soon as
I'll have time and live the musica
[Music]